Add Linux support for System notifications (#19)
epwalsh/pomo.nvim: README.md

    },

    -- The "System" notifier sends a system notification when the timer is finished.

>     -- Available on MacOS and Linux (requires `libnotify-bin` package).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -- Available on MacOS natively and Linux via the `libnotify-bin` package.
```
